One live bumblebee spotted in Seattle, and others nearby
Bee sample sent to University of Washington for analysis
This was the hive that was discovered and removed in Portland, OR on July 23, 2022. There were approximately 100 bees and a significant amount of honeycomb.
Sample collected by local beekeeper and reported to city government.
Insects observed in mid-October
Spotted at a picnic area in Mount Vernon, posted to Skagit County Parks and Recreation website
We saw and captured 3 bumblebees, the last one on October 9th
security camera footage
Dead bumblebee found on porch
Live bumblebee captured by homeowner
Homeowner reported sighting to local beekeeping association
Bumblebee nest discovered in a flowerbed in Victoria, BC on May 1, 2022. There were approximately 50 bees and several larvae.
Nest removed by licensed pest control company and reported to city officials.
Several bumblebees spotted in late June near a hiking trail in North Cascades National Park
Sightings reported to park rangers by hikers
Two bumblebees seen gathering pollen from flowers in a community garden in Vancouver, BC on August 12, 2022
Gardeners reported the sighting to the city's environmental services department.
Bumblebees observed hovering around a flowering tree in a park in Bellingham, WA on September 4, 2022
Sighting reported to park maintenance staff.
A dead bumblebee was found inside a greenhouse in Langley, BC on November 2, 2022
Greenhouse owner reported the discovery to local beekeeping association.
Bumblebees were seen flying around a meadow near Anchorage, AK in early July 2022
Observation reported to Alaska Department of Fish and Game by local naturalist.
Bumblebee spotted buzzing around a lavender field in Sequim, WA on July 22, 2022
Sighting reported to Olympic National Park staff.
A group of bumblebees seen foraging on wildflowers in a nature reserve in Coeur d'Alene, ID on August 6, 2022
Observation reported to reserve staff by visiting nature enthusiasts.
Two bumblebees observed gathering nectar from a garden in Portland, OR on September 18, 2022
Homeowner reported the sighting to the city's Bureau of Environmental Services.
A dead bumblebee found on a sidewalk in downtown Seattle, WA on October 30, 2022
Sighting reported to local beekeeping association by concerned citizen.
Bumblebees spotted collecting pollen from sunflowers in a farm near Spokane, WA in early August 2022
Observation reported to the Washington State Department of Agriculture by the farmer.
Two bumblebees seen pollinating flowers in a community park in Eugene, OR on August 20, 2022
Sighting reported to city officials by a park visitor.
A swarm of bumblebees discovered on a tree branch in a backyard in Tacoma, WA on September 14, 2022
Nest removed by licensed pest control company and reported to city authorities.
Bumblebees observed flying around a patch of clover in a field in Missoula, MT on October 2, 2022
Sighting reported to local university's entomology department by a student.
A dead bumblebee found inside a greenhouse at a university in Pullman, WA on November 15, 2022
Sighting reported to university's agricultural extension office by a greenhouse worker.
Bumblebees spotted pollinating tomato plants in a backyard garden in Bozeman, MT in late July 2022
Observation reported to Montana State University's extension service by the homeowner.
A group of bumblebees seen foraging on wildflowers near Yellowstone National Park in early August 2022
Sighting reported to park rangers by a visitor.
A swarm of bumblebees discovered under a shed in a backyard in Victoria, BC on September 5, 2022
Nest removed by licensed pest control company and reported to local authorities.
Bumblebees observed hovering around a birdfeeder in a backyard in Calgary, AB on October 1, 2022
Sighting reported to city officials by the homeowner.
A dead bumblebee found inside a garage in Spokane Valley, WA on November 20, 2022
Sighting reported to local beekeeping association by the homeowner.
Bumblebees spotted collecting pollen from lavender plants in a farm near Kelowna, BC in early August 2022
Observation reported to the British Columbia Ministry of Agriculture by the farmer.
A group of bumblebees seen foraging on wildflowers near Mount Hood in Oregon in mid-August 2022
Sighting reported to park officials by a hiker.
Bumblebee nest discovered inside an old birdhouse in a backyard in Port Angeles, WA on September 10, 2022
Nest removed by a professional beekeeper and reported to the city's animal control department.
Bumblebees observed hovering around a vegetable garden in a suburban area of Calgary, AB on October 9, 2022
Sighting reported to the city's environmental services by a local resident.
A dead bumblebee found inside a greenhouse at a university in Edmonton, AB on November 30, 2022
Sighting reported to the university's entomology department by a greenhouse worker.
Bumblebees spotted foraging on clover and dandelions in a community park in Redmond, WA in early September 2022
Observation reported to the City of Redmond Parks and Recreation Department by a park visitor.
A group of bumblebees seen collecting nectar from flowers in a backyard garden in Victoria, BC on September 18, 2022
Sighting reported to the local chapter of the British Columbia Horticultural Association by the homeowner.
Bumblebee nest discovered under a pile of leaves in a suburban backyard in Calgary, AB on October 15, 2022
Nest removed by a professional pest control company and reported to the city's pest management department.
Bumblebees observed buzzing around a patch of wildflowers in a meadow in Missoula, MT on November 5, 2022
Sighting reported to the Missoula County Weed District by a local resident.
A dead bumblebee found inside a flower shop in Vancouver, BC on December 10, 2022
Sighting reported to the Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation by the flower shop owner.
